The marvel villains, with Thanos as their leader have begun their quest to obtain all six Infinity Stones, which will give Thanos the power to wipe out half of the cartoon universe. The most iconic heroes of cartoons will be tested like never before in their efforts to fight against their most powerful threat to date. Join them in their attempt to save their universe, and along it, your childhood.

Ultron vs Pikachu
Ultron has allied himself with Thanos, in hopes of vengeance on the superheroes that once defeated him, by taking away their favorite cartoon characters.  He managed to capture the most iconic character of classic cartoons, Tom, and it’s only up to you, Pikachu, to stop him and let Tom join your force of cartoon heroes, and defeat the seemingly unstoppable force of evil that is Thanos. 


Kingpin vs Tom
Big Chungus met face to face with Kingpin and, although he fought vigorously, he was defeated by crime overlord Kingpin and is held captive somewhere in the New York underworld. After joining the forces of cartoon heroes, you managed to track down Kingpin  and, with him, Big Chungus. With Thanos becoming one step closer to finding the Infinity Stones as time passes, our heroes need to find a way to increase their numbers if they ever hope to save their friends.


Venom vs Big Chungus
In an attempt to gain more power in order to defeat Thanos  ,Yugi has let The Venom Symbiote make him his new host, a fate almost worse than being banished to the Shadow Realm. With Yugi forced to fight his own allies as Venom, things are looking grim for our heroes. Hope is almost lost among the forces of defying physics, adult jokes we never understood and nostalgia.


Loki vs Yugi
Hungry for either power or chaos, Loki joins Thanos and wreaks havoc in the cartoon Universe. A power to equal that of a god, the Jotun Loki has to be defeated, if good is ever to prevail. In contest more of brain than of brawn, a sharp mind is needed in order to overtake the God of Lies and Mischief.
Thanos vs Shaggy

After months of training, on a diet of only Scooby Snacks, Shaggy managed to master the Ultra Instinct. Now, he is ready to ally himself with the other cartoon heroes, and face Thanos. Unfortunately, Thanos managed to find all Infinity Stones, making the foe who was once infeasible to defeat, almost impossible to overcome. But Shaggy didn’t lose hope. He knows that the fate of half of the cartoons in the Universe depends on him and he won’t rest until he makes sure his friends won’t get hurt. With the steaks being so high, this battle will be the one to decide the outcome of the story. Will Shaggy be able to defeat Thanos? 
